# TEAM 66 AGENDA

## Agenda Week 4

* Location: 	PC Hall 1
* Datum: 	07.03.2023
* Time: 	15:45-16:30
* Attendees:	Vinchentzo, Calin, Sofia, Diana, Aleksandar, Kirill
* Chair:   Diana
* Minute Taker: Kirill



## Agenda-items 

* 15:45-15:45		Opening by chair

* 15:45-15:47

	**Check-in** â€“ How is everyone doing? Is everyone up to date with the course material?
	
	> Everyone is good and mostly up to date with the material

* 15:47-15:48   	

	**Approval of the agenda** - Does anyone have any additions to the agenda?

	> No additions by anyone

* 15:48-15:50

    **Announcements** - This week is the deadline for buddycheck 1 and a meaningful MR. - Reminder for team meeting on Wednesday.
 
    > Team appreciated the reminder

* 15:50-16:00
 
	**Stand-up meeting** - What have you done last week? What are you going to do this week? Did you have any impediments?
	
	> * Alexandar - Board, BoardRepository, BoardController, BoardControllerTest (Not yet finished)
	> * Calin - Card, CardRepository, CardController, CardTest
	> * Kirill - CardList, CardListRepository, CardListController, CardListTest
	> * Sofi, Vinny, Diana - Basic scenes
	

* 16:00-16:03 

	**Buddy Check** - Questions: How do we do it? When is the assignment posted? - Discusion about the assignment.
	
	> **IMPORTANT:** Hard deadline (!) Make sure to do it by Friday 10/03. Three sentences are enough, no need to write long paragprahs. 
	
	> Feedback will be given after the deadline.

* 16:03-16:06 

	**Heuristic Usability Evaluation** - Questions: How do we do it? When is the assignment posted? - Discussion about the assignment.
	
	> This is graded on a scale 1-10 and it constitutes 15% of the final grade. The assignment contains a lot of useful information so read it carefully.
	
	> Six experts (outside of the group) will judge the Human Computer Interface (mockups and explanation). We will then look at their report, identify the problems, prioritize them and try to solve them.

* 16:06-16:12 

	**Discussion about good GIT practices** - Discussion between us. Questions to the TA's.
	 	
	 > Do not merge a failing pipeline build, instead merge main into your branch locally and re-push
	 
	 > Make issues (~30 for now) before adding features (issues are graded). Each issue has:
	 > * Title, description (acceptance criteria / user story can be specified here)
	 > * Assignee (who does the task)
	 > * Milestone (a sprint end / epic)
	 > * Label (\<epic>, "frontend", "backend", etc.)
	 > * Weights (how much time does the issue take)

	 > After that we can open a merge request based on the issue.
	
	 > Make use of board feature: _Issue -> Boards_. Here we can create lists of issues. Note: use of the boards is not graded.
	

* 16:12-16:20 

	**Project Organization** - What are we doing this week? 
    *  Distributing the task.
    *  Discussion about organization.
    *  Any other questions?	


   > Everyone should do frontend and backend equally every week. Try to assign user stories (or issues) to each person. 

   > Javadocs, especially for complex methods, are preferred. They are not necessary for getters or setters and very simple methods. 
		
* 16:20-16:23

	**Feedback round** - What went well and what can be improved next time?
	
	> We need show a demo in the next meeting - one person should show the working product on their laptop.

* 16:23-16:30

	**Question round** - Does anyone have anything to add before the meeting closes?
	
	> No additions

* 16:30-16:30		Closure
