# TEAM 66 Minutes

## Minutes Week 7

* __Location__: PC Hall 1
* __Date__: 28.03.2023
* __Time__: 15:45-16:30
* __Attendees__: Vinchentzo, Calin, Sofia, Diana, Aleksandar, Kirill
* __Main focus__: Division of the tasks for the next sprint
* __Chairman__: Sofia
* __Minute Taker__: Vinchentzo

## Agenda items

* 15:45 - 15:46 
	
	__Opening__ by the chairman

* 15:46 - 15:48

	__Check-in__
	
	* Chairman checks presence
	* Everyone shares their progress in the course
	
	> Everyone is good and up to date with the material
	
* 15:48 - 15:49

	__Approval of the agenda__
	
	* Does anyone have any additions to today's agenda?
	
	> The agenda is good
	
* 15:49 - 15:58

	__Stand-up meeting__
	
	* What has been done in the past week?
	> * Kirill - fixing bugs mentioned in the Heuristic Usability Evaluation
	> * Aleksandar - the renaming of card lists, refactoring the code and tests for the back-end (brought up to 100% coverage)
	> * Calin - the renaming of the cards in the database
	> * Sofia - solving some of the issues mentioned in the Heuristic Usability Evaluation
	> * Vinchentzo - drag and drop for cards
	> * Diana - the removal of cards from board and database
	
	
	* What are the plans for the current sprint?

	> * from epic 3 and onwards they don't look who has done the epic, they look at the end if we have done all the epics in the order given. Except for the basic requirements and multi-board, where everybody should take part in
	> * 2 or 3 people should work on one epic (except for multi-board)
	> * until this Thursday/Friday we should have done everything together from multi-board and then distribute the remaining epics and issues
	
		
	* What should be changed in the team's workflow, if anything?
	 
	> prioritization of epics - if we do the first 2 epics before the next. They don't care in what order we do the next afterwards as long as we don't skip any epics
	
	> distribution of code - we should distribute the code and issues more equally between people
	
	* What are our goals for the next sprint and how are we going to divide the tasks

	> as long as the contribution is equal we can distribute a whole epic to one person
	
	> Diana and Vinchentzo should take more issues to equal the overall code contribution
	
* 15:58 - 16:00

	__Deadline reminder__ 
	
	* This Friday evening is the deadline for _Teamwork Self Reflection (Draft)_
	* This Friday evening is the deadline for _Product Pitch (Draft)_
	* Questions about both assignments should be asked later during the meeting in the dedicated time
	
	> we should decide on a day for making the video draft
	
	> a script is enough for the draft video, so they could give us feedback on it, to make the actual video better
	
	
* 16:00 - 16:05

	__Demo showcase__
	
	* One person shows what the team has achieved on their computer
	* If TA has any feedback, team should take it into account
	
	> Issue: when you click connect button with incorrect server it goes to start page without showing you a message and then you get an error in InteliJ

* 16:05 - 16:10

	__Testing__ 
	
	* We discuss how the application will be tested and in particular how the front-end will be tested
	* We agree upon what part of the front-end should be tested
	* Questions for the TA related to the topic 
	
	> We do not have to test front-end, it is not graded, because we haven't been taught
	
	> We should do the unit testing well, it is important
	
	> To get an excellent you should have 80% coverage on the whole project. They look at the back-end and if they are not 100% then start getting percentage on the front-end, so we can get more than 80% overall
	
	>we can finish the testing until Saturday
	
	>the TA is going to send us the rubric for the testing later today

* 16:10 - 16:13

	__Teamwork Self Reflection (Draft)__

	* Members share their understanding of the task with each other
	* Everybody is encouraged to ask TA questions if something is unclear
	
	> the situations should be some events you have had with you teammates
		
	> it is not anonymous
	
	> it is individual
	
	> we have a PDF with information for the reflection in the website, in the teamwork folder, that we should read before making the draft
	
	> we fail the course if you don't do the teamwork self reflection
	
* 16:13 - 16:18

	__Product Pitch (Draft)__

	* Agree upon when will we work on the assignment	
	* Members share their understanding of the task with each other
	* Everybody is encouraged to ask TA questions if something is unclear
	
	> it could be a script
	
	> we should all be on camera and speak at least once
	
	> at least 1 minute for person is passable
	
	> if we have really nice features they should be shown in the video, so they don't have to look at the code
	
	> we have to show our face on camera
	
	> there is pass/fail criteria for the size for the video (if it is over the max size we fail)
	
	> use handbrake when doing the video

	
* 16:18 - 16:22

	__Feedback__
	
	* What was done well today?
	* What could be improved?
	
	> Code contribution should be made more equal
	> * if you have above 80% contribution you fail, or if you have above 50% contribution 2 weeks in a row
	> * the contribution was good the week before
	> * We should compensate for this week's code contribution, so Alex should do less issues and Vinchentzo and Diana should do more
	
	> At the end the TA sums up all diagrams and sees if the contribution is equal

* 16:22 - 16:30

	__Questions__
	
	* Time for any additional questions
	
	> Questions about HUE:
	> * we need to write more elegantly about the hints
	> * we didn't mention "individuality" with a word,
	> * the TA read it different so we need work on the phrasing
	> * we should have before and after of the app (if there is no picture it is basically fail (doesn't matter what we wrote))
	> * we don't mention that the observer wrote down the list and so on, so we didn't exactly mention how we did get the information, but it should be written
	
	> Questions about the multi-board epic:
	> * either user connects by username, or we use cookies (a session cookie) (the more complex way), or mac address
	> * we can do it by process, see if it is the same process and make another one if it is
	> * another way - we could prohibit multiple instances of the app on one computer
	
* 16:30 - 16:30

	__Closing stage__
	
	* The chairman thanks everyone for coming
	
	> Everyone is pleased with today's meating