# TEAM 66 Minutes

## Minutes Week 6

* __Location__: PC Hall 1
* __Date__: 21.03.2023
* __Time__: 15:45-16:30
* __Attendees__: Vinchentzo, Calin, Sofia, Diana, Aleksandar, Kirill
* __Main focus__: Heuristic Usability Evaluation
* __Chairman__: Kirill
* __Minute Taker__: Diana

## Agenda items

* 15:45 - 15:46 
	
	__Opening__ by the chairman

* 15:46 - 15:48

	__Check-in__
	
	* Chairman checks presence
	* Everyone shares their progress in the course
	
	> Everyone is up to date with the material.
	
* 15:48 - 15:49

	__Approval of the agenda__
	
	* Does anyone have any additions to today's agenda?

	> There are no additions.
	
* 15:49 - 15:50

	__Deadline reminder__ 
	
	* This Friday evening is the deadline for _Heuristic Usability Evaluation draft_
	* Questions about HUE should be asked later during the meeting in the dedicated time

	> We shouldn't forget about the draft.
	> Another reminder: Check brightspace for feedback.
	>> The description of an issue should be the description of the user stories, and the tasks of an issue should be the acceptance criteria.
	>> Check the rubric at home to improve planning.
	>> Formative feedback doesn't affect the grade (summative does).
	>> Add milestones to the MRs and issues (MR's should be issue-related).
	>> Issues are everything you add as code (even bug fixes).

	
* 15:50 - 16:00

	__Stand-up meeting__
	
	* What has been done in the past two weeks?
	* What are the plans for the current sprint?
	* What should be changed in team's workflow, if anything?

	> * Kirill - Added tasks to database
	> * Aleksandar - Solved issues with the database, Added functionalities for the board
	> * Calin - Added a list menu, Added functionality to change the title of a list
	> * Sofia - Added removal of lists, Added functionality to edit tasks
	> * Vinchentzo - Added button to disconnect from the server, Added checkstyle, Working on drag and drop
	> * Diana - Added front-end part for adding tasks, Working on removing tasks
	
* 16:00 - 16:10

	__Demo showcase__
	
	* One person shows what the team has achieved on their computer
	* If TA has any feedback, team should take it into account

	> The renaming of the cards has a bug (the name of the previously edited card lingers).
	> The renaming of the list by pressing the title of the list is a nice feature.

* 16:10 - 16:18

	__Heuristic Usability Evaluation__
	
	* Members share their understanding of the task with each other
	* Everybody is encouraged to ask TA questions if something is unclear

	> The experts are the team we chose.
	> The assignment doesn't have to be in LaTeX.
	> We have to make a report based on their findings.
	> Result is what we changed based on their findings.
	> The draft is just to get a feedback (and you can polish it until the actual deadline).
	> The assignment is 15% of the grade, so we need to make sure that we follow the template.
	
* 16:18 - 16:22

	__Feedback__
	
	* What was done well today?
	* What could be improved?

	> We are doing well on the process, but we should work more on the product.
	> We need to follow the rubric more.
	> It's good that we have only one person per issue and that we have labels with front-end and back-end.
	> Try to say more things in the review of the code(the naming of the methods, cleanlines of the code, javadoc, are the tests good).
	> If we have comments or threads opened we shouldn't approve the merge request.
	> A good idea would be to keep deadlines for reviewings of the MRs.
	> The objective of the course is to make us work more eficiently by dividing tasks, so keep this in mind.

* 16:22 - 16:30

	__Questions__
	
	* Time for any additional questions

	> Public attributes should be changed into private ones.
	> If we get into the fail category, we'll get a message.
	> About feedback:
	>> We'll get another formative feedback based on our knowledge of Spring, Gradle, etc.
	>> Everything that is formative is going to be summative.
	> About tests:
	>> We don't have to test front-end, but we could do integration tests on the back-end. 
	>> For now, we should focus more on doing epics than doing front-end or integration tests.
	>> Over 50% coverage for tests is good enough.
	
	
* 16:30 - 16:30

	__Closing stage__
	
	* The chairman thanks everyone for coming